so great hey so what did the insurance
company say oh they said you don't have
insurance here so stop calling us you
tell her okay fine
Pheebs hi listen uh this cat belongs to
a little girl right there are Flyers all
over the place sorry sweetie hey we can
take her back with you if you want
mm-hmm but you know she chose to find me
I mean I have to respect her decision
right no okay
enough is enough look I am sorry that
you feel guilty or whatever about
spending time with your new mom but this
is not your old mom this is a cat okay
Julio the cat not love cat
well that's how many parents have you
lost no okay then you don't know what it
feels like when one of them comes back
do you I believe this is my mother even
if I'm wrong who cares just be a friend
okay be supportive I'm sorry okay I
don't know what to say you could say
you're sorry to her mom
I think she would like that come here
here come here come here mrs. Buffay
sorry about what I said it was it was
insensitive of me to say that you were
just a cat when clearly you are also the
reincarnated spirit of my friend's
mother thank you
we both forgive you huh oh honey what
are you gonna do about the little girl
yeah okay listen um mom I hope you know
that you still mean a lot to me and
you're welcome to come back anytime
Pheebs if she could come back as a couch
we'd really appreciate
come on mom when they're taking him I'll
go with you
meet you oh you know I got an extra
futon dude you don't have to brag we got
nothing here
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
you
[Music]